I don't think that I don't particularly know the general law of the fear, but I do not
recall having an particular connection with what we're wearing, testify to until we can
blow when I learn more about what we're looking about, the monastic law of the
generation here in the general law. And you do it if you are. I gave the
consideration to the tired of the world's general law of the women, to the tired of the men in the
group, and to the government of the government of the government. Did you do that? You are in the
position, the political rally for the women that have been murdered in the second one.
Because you're giving a higher set of early general law of the qualifications, 100%. The only thing I have
to mind is that I'm really concerned with as I talk about yesterday, where the question I was
about, is that, anything I was talking, I was just wondering if I was just trying to find my
self-esteem, but it was using too much of a mini-job in the day that it's so good now that
the morning is here today. You are not going to do the power of the men. You are not
going to do the power of the men. The general law of the women and men and men by
telling them that they are not going to defend themselves in the human world and the human
human humanозможism. I don't have any idea. I don't have any idea. I don't have a
hundred-quarter particular law of the human world. We can go to power in the
future. The movement that happens for the human human, the general law is required to
the committee's question within certain states. No one has not sustained any harm from the
age of 21 months, but I have been incognized by the month with the exception of the right
to weeks. There's a lot of evidence to we even expect it. I think I heard you. He's
the leader of that. I think I want to listen to this draft. Who needs your
abilities and drawings, then you don't need to. Mr. Jenkins, it's terribly hard for me to
answer these questions very quickly. I don't get a chance to answer one question before
you start on another. I have to thank you, Pat, for the opportunity. And I'll try
to mock you if you can see it. But I don't really know what it's called. I'm trying my most
sincere, ready to get back before the night. I don't even know what it's called. I'm
finished. Mr. Lynch, Mr. Lynch. Well, I'm not going to stand right in front of you. It's
all my mind now, sir, because I'm time for the Royal set of modern events. I'm not
going to be nervous, but I'm the question that I ask you and I am not for
I got you right. Mr. Lynch, do you know what I'm called? That's a really
Mr. Lynch. You got the information that General Wattens your child's eyes. That is
really hard to hear. You know, my child, the answer is, you know, the answer is
that I need an answer to that. I need an answer, Mr. Lynch. Mr. Lynch, you said
the answer.
Alright, you think we'll all live. That Mr. Adam Stoward did that General Wattens
replied to be made for a certain distance. No, I have not surrendered any more to the
other. Well, I have been in demand and I'm on the exception of the last week. So that's
right as to what you, Mr. Secretary, and I think that I heard that.
There is a space to honor that you've received my information from Mr. Adam. That's correct.
I can't say that I received a commissioner's address, but you can't receive my
message. That's right. I think I received my message. That's right.
You were informed by either Mr. Adam Stoward or anyone else. The General Wattens
was really asked why he did not affect his suspension's always on the
issue. No, sir. You don't look all at me. No, sir. Well, he was
informed that Mr. Adam was informed you or anyone else informed you. The General
Wattens stated that there is an incident. No, letting the facts to question Mr. Wattens
and that he pointed to someone and said, there is one reason. I don't recall
around or is that. Well, do you think I ever heard that? I don't recall having heard it.
Even if I already was at this specific question, it's Secretary Stevens.
Every direct you not to make any suspensions on your own initiative.
Any, now that's one question I was about to ask. Actually, Mr. Jenkins, I had orders
out to all of our commanders, to all of our field in relation. Your actions are not the
same, but they were to make a decision. They were to make a decision. They're on judgment
and they matter. I know, but your actions are not responsible. Your lawyer from
his bank in Edges is not responsible for this. My question is, the use of call. General
Wattens being in interrogated and asked, did Secretary Stevens ever order you not to make
these suspensions? That's one question. I certainly never heard anything like that. You
didn't hear that nine years instead. I don't recall anything. All of the General Wattens
was, I was in substance. I was rather not answer I'm working for Secretary Stevens.
I thought I'm unfamiliar with it. You are telling this committee that you're involved.
Mr. Adams did not communicate to you a message. He was vitally important to us with respect
to General Lawton, one of your generals. Mr. Jenkins, I have given instructions that
our field commanders were to exercise their own judgment in these matters of suspension.
And I expected them to do it. And I made that clear and that applies to General Lawton
as well as the field commanders of other installations. I expected them to do it.
I can't conceive of having suggested that do not do it and I certainly did not.
And Smith the Moore to do. I'm not pursuing any further. Mr. Secretary, Mr. Adams is under your command.
Of course he did not. Yes sir.
Take instructions from him. Yes sir.
Gang is out to order. Yes sir.
As far as he knows he has always done that for you.
And he is still in the same capacity in which he was originally employed.
That's right. I will ask you this. Did you instruct and as far as he knows he has never given the order.
Are you directing? Extend upon the direction.
Mr. Adams doesn't have the authority to give the instruction. I will ask you this with secretary.
Did you not?
I am November of last year. Mr. Adams taught the General Lawton and say in substance.
General I hope you see your way clear to withdraw certain cases which you have recommended
for removal of bad security risks. Did you direct Mr. Adams to make such a communication to General Lawton?
I can't recall anything about that. You can't recall anything about it.
No sir. Mr. Adams ever advised that he is human such a directive.
I make such a request to General Lawton. I can't recall anything about that.
Well I already said tremendously important that you won't blame me.
I will say that I am sick for the great light of the issues with this kind of work.
And I ask you not to search your minds.
And you make yourself with elsewhere.
Ask for a respect. I want you to search your minds and I want you to answer this.
Did you not?
You direct Mr. Adams to call General Lawton by the telephone and say in substance.
I hope you can see your way clear to withdraw certain cases which you have recommended for removal of bad security risks.
And General Lawton replied this following.
I will not let this secretary take the responsibility.
Now again I can't.
And Mr. Secretary, in all fairness to you I want to say six.
I have not asked a single question of you or any other with this.
Unless I thought there was some reasonable basis for it.
And I think it's fair that you and your eminent counsel now know that I am reading from the written document prepared by now.
Captain Hardin has been promoted.
Prepared by Captain Hardin, my presence and in General Lawton's presence and in the very handwriting of Captain Hardin, I pass it to the chairman.
To determine whether or not I have correctly quoted it from it and I say that it is a vital importance to the issues of disolving.
And I must be well investigation and I must be far and answer yes or no.
Can I look at the paper? You certainly may.
Before I say that the paper may I say a word to my friend Mr. Jacob?
Yes, I am informed Mr. Jacob that you have tried many murder trials and with great success.
But may I remind you my friend that this is not a murder trial and that you are examining the secretary of the army.
It may feel good to me when you jump down the throat of the witnesses on the other side.
But I beg of you, this witness is entitled I think to that least ordinary courtesy.
And in your clear retirement I think by the tone of your voice you may convey as impressive to the country that you would not waste to convey.
I have no particular comment I think the witness should be subjected to course and acceleration and I think these questions are further to the issue.
I think the witness should be required to answer.
As charity or a case concerned all witnesses must appear that in this community have the same look.
We expect channels and pilots, senators and secretary employees all to be treated the same were trying to find out the truth.
There is no measure of disrespect for any of them. I am sure I can apply to any of the questions that come from the asking in his zealous and difficult task of getting out of the truth.
And the end to this development.
I would like to completely support the remarks made by my colleague, this thing received the sound of the mark and so.
Mr. Karen may I give it to you before we know to read the paper that has been asked to the witness.
If you are not allowed to make it, you are not allowed to make it.
Of course you make it.
So I will make it.
What year will you make it?
Well, it's just the word no member with a question in OV with a question mark after.
Then it says Adam asked Lawton by phone.
I hope you can't you can see your way clear to withdraw certain cases which you have recommended for removal as bad security risk.
Lawton I would not let the secretary take the responsibility.
Isn't that precisely what I read to you Mr. Cate?
Yes, Father, I know it is.
Yes, sir.
This is the point of right.
We very clear could.
The council advice.
What we are reading from just for our dinner.
We are reading from a document written by General Lawton's aide.
previous to the lice he was a lieutenant corps.
Now Captain Corps, the telephone comrade No sir written by Captain Corps in my presence and in the presence of General Lawton this morning.
By our executive session and with the consent and approval of General Lawton.
I request general a General's aide to write it out in his presence.
It was written in his presence in the handwriting of Captain Corps was read by General Lawton who is in this room along with his aide Captain Corps.
And that son of his Jackson is what I looked at on his head but what's the November date?
There is a November question mark.
General Lawton told me and Captain Corps that that conversation was early in November but he was unable to give the date and for that reason it is put November question mark.
Oh, I see.
It sounded like a memo that Ireland could have been written today but it had November date on it.
You have finally made a good year as well.
Would tell if you're Jackson, look at the memorandum because they had the memorandum with Henry and the committee members if at all it is.
Council will proceed with these questions now. Mr. Chairman, I have not yet received an answer to my last question.
I have no right to answer any of these questions.
No right, I have just read that and I have it in mind and I have no right to answer any of these telephone conversations and obviously could not have been on the phone.
Your answer is that you have no right to answer any of these questions.
I have such a conversation.
That's right. And that he obviously could not have been with the telephone.
No, I mean the right but not on the telephone. Mr. Secretary, there he is.
Nothing in my question to imply that that was a conversation between you and General Welton.
I'm sure that you understand the important plain meaning of my words.
And what I was trying to say sir is that this was evidently a telephone conversation between Adams and I guess General Welton.
I don't want to interrupt but important.
I know I read him for the more than earlier and I have read the memorandum and I know in the first sentence verses November question mark and then it says this.
Adams asked Lawton by Paul and then he goes on I hope so and so it is a reference to telephone conversation.
The order that I had made earlier and I'm not trying to unnecessarily take up time but I'm just trying to keep the record first like and follow this testimony.
It is a memorandum. I've never end up.
You have to sing it right here.
Yes.
We'll reference to a telephone conversation. I think that ought to be purified at this point.
If it's being offered by my question, send it to Jack.
Well, but I'd have to hold it in my life.
It was not a separate answer to this question or you were consulting the memorandum.
They always read you it is.
Oh, may I have a number of them on the telephone conversation.
There's nothing in the question to be in the case of anybody listening to you.
Well, I know but there's no, there's no, as far as I know.
Nobody's listening. It may develop in somebody's being. Somebody's not being so dying.
Well, if I raise the question of relevancy, this was not a telephone conversation between this witness and general law.
No, no, no, no, no, no. General Lawman, Mr. Adams, he was the representative and the mouthpiece of this witness, they are okay.
Now, that is another matter, sir. Mr. Adams may be asked about it.
Yes, the matter is asking this witness, Mr. Adams, report it to me.
Point of order was made at this witness's direction.
Well, to waste, one point of order at a time to chair a rule on the point of order, Mr. Welton,
and appears to be in to be a perfectly relevant question to find out was the secretary knew about the telephone conversation or not.
That's the question he should answer.
I say I have no recollection of it at all.
Shut up, proceed.
But it is this point of order, I'm trying to keep this.
Never random straight mind, obviously from this memorandum, which I assume is from Captain Ford.
It's not two hours old. It's from Mike, written out by Captain Ford.
In my persons and in the persons of General Lawman, I have the direction of General Lawman.
Yes. Well, now, my point of order is, my point of order is,
that I would like to know whether or not Captain Ford are listening in on his telephone conversation
because the memorandum is that, and that's what I thought.
And then it goes on to repeat the memorandum of the conversation.
Obviously, I just have the point of order.
Obviously, Captain Ford must have listened in on the telephone conversation.
That memorandum was dictated by General Lawman in my persons to Captain Ford this morning,
and Captain Ford wrote it out at the dictation of the law.
Okay, now we all understand the memorandum, and the Council may contain it to ask Captain General.
Now I'm just keeping these three previous, means that Mr. Adams acted at your direction only.
No, I wouldn't say that. He was the department of the Army Councilor.
And he takes orders from me.
Yes, he takes orders from me.
And I have to say to the Sergeant you, he has executed all of those orders.
Oh, I can't say that, Michael Staten.
What did you say to that? I asked you that.
The Sergeant you know, has Mr. Adams carried out your directives in orders?
I know that he's a tough at all.
As far as he know, has Mr. Adams given any orders our directions,
except with your consent our right to your direction?
Well, I don't know, Mr. Jenkins. He's not in the line of command.
He may have a time for the time to give orders, I just don't know.
He had no authority to did him his secretary.
He did not have actual authority to do it.
This is Adams, ever reporting to you,
that in the early part of November, 1953, he called General Love Mountain at the home.
An estimate he could see is way clear.
From the caucus room of the Senate on the building in Washington,
mutual has been bringing his special coverage of the congressional hearings,
which the resulting command had recommended for removal of that security risk.
And General Love and the fly that he would not do it
led to secretary meaning you take the responsibility.
I've answered that question once, sir.
I answered again with you.
I have no recollection of that telephone call.
Well, Mr. Secretary, do you regard that?
If it happens, do you regard it as the vital importance in shedding light
on the issues involved in this controversy?
You being charged as you are by this Senate committee
with having tried to repeat the progress of the investigation of Port Mountain.
I have spoken to him, he has been by one of the committee,
he means by certain personnel of the committee.
I mean the investigation committee, you being charged.
We have a dialogue, I'm born of water, I'd like to pray for that.
Yes, yes, yes.
May we also recognize it?
I'm looking to work out together, but we all know what we've done for that.
You being charged by senior commander, we have the time.
And having tried to stop the investigation of Port Mountain,
Mr. Having tried to repeat the progress of it.
Now, in view in the night of all night, do you not recognize?
Well, I would like to have that question of the judgment that I've read back for you.
I would like to have that question of the judgment that I've read back for you.
And I hope that the chairman will conclude that this can be a bit confusing to a witness
who is now on his sixth day on the stand when the quiver is in and then it's withdrawn.
And I don't know what the question is.
So, I'm going to be there.
There are no questions before you know it's going to be noble.
The right answer you give the committee,
well, that you have no recollection, whatever.
Having been informed by Mr. Adams or any relief,
of this conversation in early November between Mr. Adams and General Lovman,
correct about that, I'm not mistaken.
You're actually asking the recollection.
Are you afraid, again, of a telephone call?
I've answered it twice right now.
You can write now in the state, there are fees explained.
I've answered that question twice and I hear by answer the third time I have no recollection of a telephone call.
If you have the grievance, here you charge me against you by Senator McCurdy in his death,
then you try to stop their investigation of subversives.
At four months, type in CD, retirement progress and so forth.
Would there not you regard such a conversation as I ask you about in the past
which you say you have no recollection of going to the very heart, the very core of that issue?
Would you not regard that as such?
Well, I wasn't a party to it, Mr. Jenkins.
I wasn't a party to it.
What kind of your influence?
And, Converter, it is not claimed that I think the proceedings were spectacular.
The Senator McCurdy was a party to certain activities of phone calls on the part of the phone.
And, yes, you have charged him.
And, if it may be, Mr. Committee will seem to be in his department.
We will know about that.
We are talking about two sides of this conversation now on the close information
for the purpose of discerning whether or not that charged by a phone call to Mr. McCurdy is too or false.
And, I, too, have found you for the committee that I regard in as the breaking part of this
and shedding light on the truth or quality of that charge as you excuse or reject.
Well, I think, he has a vital role to be seen.
Mr. Jenkins, I think that, if, before I could answer that question,
I think we ought to retrace the whole of the fort-monets situation
and get the whole thing in the proper perspective without taking out one little incident
and making so much out of it because there's a large, complicated, long story connected with fort-monets
which I have justified to at length and which I'll be glad to continue to testify to.
Mr. Jenkins, I think the security matters there, of which this is one incident that I have no recollection of.
I may seem to have a one isolated fact.
There's a relatively occurredness in early November 1953, one isolated fact.
That you say is a part of the whole part of it.
Now, you testify fully about fort-monets and that my last question is with you such killed the fact.
Wouldn't you regard it as being a great way in the 16th Committee in determining whether or not you were against them
and whether you were the investigation of fort-monets?
I would log up that in the perspective of the whole picture before I could answer that question.
Now, that is your nature as it stands.
That's why I'm on the sentence to leave it there, the Committee will judge of whether or not I like the word.
If I may, say this.
Well, I think I have that, but I'll excuse me in a minute.
I'll take your part.
Well, I simply wanted to say that in respect to fort-monets, I wanted the right kind of a job done in farading off the security risks.
If there was any espionage, it must be eliminated.
If there are fort security risks, I must be the best one to make sure people are on this morning to be expedited to see an object of action.
For Mr. Jenkins, I think if we can limit the...
I have a very important point that I have to go there as on all of it.
You may make it because you want every witness to have every conceivable channel, I say everything she wants to say.
I mean, she says, oh, I want an expediting degree, but it's more important than that, is to lose the nation and get into fact she may talk.
All right, so here is the point.
I wanted to get more background for the information of the Committee of the Post, but I'll confine it to this point.
The very human, Mr. Baker, because in getting into fact, can I get important with the issues that I'm working on in time to ready to get into this matter?
I wanted it done by all of our commanders, including the Commanding General of Fort Monmouth, with the finest of judgments of which they were catered.
I did not want to have a spam-peam started that would resolve in your whole-sale suspension of people on a basis of your fire association.
I wanted to be sure that they, to want to have any commander, because I was so interested in this subject,
I was thinking of the virtues and security risks jumped to an extreme in his action, which could result in unfairness to any individual employed in the Army.
And I think that is a very important thing.